.. _seminars:

Research Seminars
=================

Sharing knowledge is cool! This is why `FlexAnalytics` has funded or members of the group have taken part in the following seminars:

#. | *J.M. Morales* and R. Mieth, `Valuing data for power system operations via multi-source distributionally robust optimization`, Flexibility of Converter-based Microgrids (FLEXIBASE) final event workshop - University of Zagreb Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computing, Zagreb, Croatia, 4th & 5th May, 2023. The slides of the presentation can be found `here <https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1-axsS88HFcQk28uzIP--vpm9UTEkguVx>`_.
#. | *S.Pineda*, J.M. Morales, C. Domínguez and Á. Porras, `Tightening big-M for optimal transmission switching`, Flexibility of Converter-based Microgrids (FLEXIBASE) final event workshop - University of Zagreb Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Computing, Zagreb, Croatia, 4th & 5th May, 2023. The slides of the presentation can be found `here <https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1aPTGjC5Kydt-SlC1y3WhWZ3YDvN8P5dw>`_.
#. | *S. Pineda* and *J.M. Morales*, `Machine-learning aided operation and planning of power systems`, Seminar as part of the PhD course `Optimization under uncertainty in power systems`, Institute of Electricity Economics and Energy Innovation, Graz University of Technology, Styria, Austria 26 May, 2022. The slides of the presentation can be found `here <https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1d9FISNEFgXPvpr6_aJ5LdY7EaBqTl54Q>`_.
#. | *P. Kergus*, `Data-driven strategies for modeling and control - Application to building thermal modeling`, Invited speaker from LAPLACE, seminar, Ada Byron Research Centre, Málaga, Spain, 18th May 2022. 
#. | *J.M. Morales*, `Context-driven power system operations`, Invited speaker in the seminar series enOPTIMAL Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), Cambridge, MA, EEUU, 1st April 2022. The presentation can be seen on the enOPTIMAL `YouTube channel <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZRbUCBbZtM>`_.
#. | *A. Esteban-Pérez* and J.M. Morales, `Distributionally robust optimal power flow with contextual information`, College of Management of Technology (CMD) Seminar, Ecole Polythechnique Fédérale de Lausanne (EPFL), Lausanne, Switzerland, 30 November, 2021. The slides of the presentation can be found `here <https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1jHBAtIiOznlrP4XtvpP4L6HeM3cnjfuX>`_.
#. | *C. Domínguez Sánchez*, Invited guest speaker, `The Rank Pricing Problem: a mixed-integer linear optimization approach`, seminar, Ada Byron Research Centre, July 2021. The slides of the presentation can be found `here <https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1sY5TbUBsf2tOhAhe9XliOPYGkr-c4c3l>`_.
#. | *A. Jiménez-Cordero*, J. M. Morales and S. Pineda, `A novel embedded min-max approach for feature selection in nonlinear support vector machine classification`, Session candidates for the Ramiro Melendreras prize. Jornadas SEIO 2021, 9 -11 June, 2021. The slides of the presentation can be found `here <https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1HtBWNsLaVj_0TBPpzDpWxaV61-bOCGuZ>`_. 
#. | *A. Elías*, R. Jiménez, A.M. Paganoni and L.M. Sangalli, `Integrated depths for partially observed functional data`, Session candidates for the Ramiro Melendreras prize. Jornadas SEIO 2021, 9 -11 June, 2021. The slides of the presentation can be found `here <https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1vQD_yUHgMkiJ2tVXjV5iPLORkWT0W3XS>`_.
#. | *J.M. Morales*, *S. Pineda*, M.A. Muñoz, and A. Esteban-Pérez, `Contextual decision-making under uncertainty`, NeEDS Machine Learning NeEDS Mathematical Optimization online seminars, March 2021. Watch the seminar `here <https://youtu.be/nrjwfLleGlg>`_.
#. | *S. Pineda*, M. A. Muñoz and J.M. Morales `A bilevel framework for decision-making under uncertainty with contextual information`, IUMA Day on Mathematical Optimization for Data Science, University of Zaragoza, 19 March, 2021. The slides of the presentation can be found `here <https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1XDixULXPeb-jOV4WaN-vmIK_AB1phEr_>`_.
#. | *A. Jiménez-Cordero*, J. M. Morales, and S. Pineda, `Feature selection in nonlinear SVM using a novel min-max approach`, NeEDS Machine Learning NeEDS Mathematical Optimization online seminars, February 2021. Watch the seminar `here <https://youtu.be/IlZPrleWjmY?t=1221>`_.
#. | *S. Pineda*, `Machine-learning aided operation and planning of power systems`, New York University (Online) , April 2020. The slides of the presentation can be downloaded `here <https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1KW_VIbtraE0-cuT7DD9CJ6QAAIHXnCNE>`_ and `video <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C1sKqenTO98&feature=youtu.be>`_.  
#. | V. Bucarey and *A. Jiménez-Cordero*, `Bilevel optimization for Stackelberg security games modeling`,  `Statistical Classification`, Ada Byron Research Building , January 2020. The slides of both presentations can be downloaded `here <https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=1sMyrcgbX2N57Vmgr-gw2rK0N6hQ6iW8X>`_ and `here <https://drive.google.com/uc?export=download&id=11WdhuGDRtFvPMDrt6bWsTLK5ORrtVMxD>`_.  


